I've got a bit of a dilemma. I've been
given 20 minutes to get my training
session in and I've got two choices.
Don't train or do something. And I'm
going to show you how I still don't skip
my training days, especially on bench
press day. So, what I'm going to do is
I'm going to show you from warm up till
the end of the session how I can get a
decent session in and my two favorite
exercises to build as much muscle and
strength and or maintain or whatever in
just two exercises. So, I'm going to try
and get in as quickly as possible. three
sets of press and three sets of pull
down. So, I'm going to show you the
warm-ups. I'm just going to keep on
going back and forth, which is
definitely different to what I normally
would do. However, we're on a time
budget, so I'm going to give it my best.
So, the goal is to go off the top of my
head when I was told I got half an hour
to do this. Three sets of eight on 140
kg. So, I should be able to get about
15ish reps on 140 kg. So, as you can
see, it's a lot of repetitions in
reserve, but what I'm doing is I'm going
to go press, walk straight over till
that pull down and go. So, the rest is
going to be however long it takes me to
do that. So, I'm going to put my timer
on. So, that
uh where are we? I'm going to screen
record my timer and then I go like this.
Stopwatch. Ready, set, go. Starts at
zero.
All right. So, I'll warm up on just one
plate.
You know, I'd go straight to the top
weight, but my joints and shoulders
wouldn't be happy. So, I am warming up
quickly,
but I still need to factor in some warm
up. So, I'm just going to go one plate,
two plates, three plates. I'm not even
going to bother with the clips for this
one. I'll put the clips on the top set
though.
It'll definitely be effective. It'll
probably be more effective for
maintaining my strength while I'm
working through this busy period. So,
A lot of times in my past as well, I
would just say, you know what, don't
worry about it. I don't have enough time
to train. But
I know if I get three sets of eight on
140 kg bench press, I'm not going to get
weaker. Do you know what I mean?
All right. I might need an unrackck for
this one.
Check my timer. Three and a half minutes
in.
I'm not going to rush rush. I'll give
myself, you know, minute to get to each
piece of equipment.
Too light.
I am getting a full stretch on the lats
just not on the arms.
Six. No. 5 minutes 40.
Wish I had a heart moni heart rate
monitor.
I feel like
a lot of cardio.
Yeah,
last set.
Let me give myself another minute.
>> Hey,
>> a challenge.
>> It was hard, let me tell you, to get the
last the eighth rep on that. Maybe I had
two reps in reserve. So, for this one,
I don't know if I'll get eight. I'm
going to try
Ah, yes.
I think I've got time for arms.
Probably to be honest with you,
mechanical tension is about quality.
I'm sure that there is a decent amount
of mechanical tension being achieved,
but
it's where people are discussing now
high volume versus low volume. And low
volume seems to be taking the lead at
the moment. But I know that for me
a large part of this is
enjoyment.
I look like I'm enjoying myself.
Let's get an arm pump.
Man,
almost 12 minutes.
Oh man,
I think that the weight that I chose for
triceps, I'll get three by 10. Biceps
might be a bit sticky.
It's pretty fun. It's pretty fun.
Literally, I would have just done my
second set of bench press by now.
Oh man.
One more set
and we are
14 minutes
39 seconds.
Let's stand in the air conditioning.
You would never do something like this.
No,
you know, I've done different things
before where I just work up to one top
set. So, had I done that, it would have
been one set of 140 kg
and I would have done 15 reps
and that would have probably been my
limit today.
14 15 reps I think I would have gotten
today. And that would have been my set
to fail. And then I would have done a
set of lap pull down to fail. you know,
give myself five minutes in between
those and then maybe one or two sets of
arms.
>> I felt like getting more volume in. I
felt like
just doing a little bit more volume
sometimes
going heavy for, you know, an allout
set. I mean, that was like, you know,
kind of heavy for an allout set. Like by
the third set, that was me hitting my
peak.
But it's just less demanding than when
you're fresh going for it, going all
out, which I do quite often. I think
it's nice as well. But
sometimes my body, the stress on my body
is high, when I know I'm in a rush like
that and I figure make it a little bit
harder, spread it out a little bit.
It's still effective. All right, last
set. Ah,
let's uh weigh in.
16 minutes and 49 seconds.
It's all stuck to me.
Okay, how much do we weigh?
97.7 kg.
16 minute session.
I'm pumped.
That was a good pump. Now I can go to
the beach. See you at the beach.
Click like, subscribe.